---
title: "Get in, and Go"
date: 2022-12-20T19:27:37+10:00
draft: false
weight: 4
featured_image: "/images/bus.jpg"
summery: "Urban part-time work, each character is very distinctive, for the two who just came to the city to work, their eyes are full of longing and yearning, but in the end some people turn away, and some silently insist."
---

Urban part-time work, each character is very distinctive, for the two who just came to the city to work, their eyes are full of longing and yearning, but in the end some people turn away, and some silently insist.

 <!--more-->

### First Chapter: Hope and Love

Beijing at the end of the 20th century seemed no different than it is now, with gray cities, hurried-looking passers-by, and train stations swallowing people who come and go to the city every day.

Huang Bo and Gao Hu came to Beijing through the introduction of acquaintances to find Boss Lu to drive a chartered car. At that time, it seemed that buses were not so popular, privately contracted small and medium-sized buses played the role of buses, and driving buses did not seem to have troublesome procedures, knowing acquaintances before and after, and adding a driver's license to drive and solicit passengers. Boss Lu said that in addition to returning the salary to him in the first month, the two of them can have more than 7,000 income in the future, and they are happy for those who have just come from the countryside.

Different from the tacit understanding of passers-by taking the bus now, the chartered bus needs to rely on the hard work of the conductor to attract customers. The voice of the eldest Miss of the small chartered car next door was enthusiastic and unrestrained, Huang Bo had never done such a living, holding out mosquito-like selling, and few people cared about the small chartered car.

Fortunately, a few idle passers-by got into the car, and the girl sitting in the middle reading quietly attracted Gao Hu's attention, and she had the same temperament. Miss Wen Jing seemed to be commuting to work on this fixed route, and several times Gao Hu left in order to wait for her.

Sichuan girl Little Pepper, who also worked in the restaurant under Boss Lu, once a guest made trouble while eating, Huang Bo watched the weak Little Pepper be bullied and scuffled with the guest, but fortunately, Boss Lu came forward and resolved the situation. As a result, the two gradually developed a good impression of each other, and later established a relationship.

### Novella: Turning Points and Conflicts

The bald head and eldest Miss, who were also driving a small charter car, saw that the new two were going to grab business, and forcibly left the car on the road, causing the small charter of the two to rush out of the zebra crossing. Miss Wen Jing, who was also in the car, was also injured, and the 'Leon Crazy English' in her hand also fell, and Gao Hu took Miss Wen Jing to the hospital, and thus intersected with Miss Wen Jing.

Huang Bo's minibus still shouted like a mosquito, and when he came to Beijing, he rightfully thought that he would shout in the local dialect, but his Mandarin was not standard, and he was afraid to shout loudly. A passenger suggested that he could use the local dialect, and Huang Bo was clever and shouted the words of his hometown: "Get on the bus and go!" This soon became a feature, and the business of chartered cars boomed.

But the business boomed and was blushed by the bald head and the eldest Miss, and the bald head took the opportunity to smash the two's small charter. The two people later beat their bald heads around the alley, and the two have since struck a grudge.

The bald head knew that Huang Bo and Gao Hu relied on Boss Lu to come to the city to work, only the driver's license and not the business license of the chartered car, so he reported them, and the traffic police dragged their car.

Gao Hu found Miss Wen Jing and relied on a certain leader she knew to solve the turmoil.

Huang Bo and Gao Hu intended to take revenge, but were stopped by Boss Lu, and the two temporarily reconciled under the face of Boss Lu.

Little Pepper quit her job at a restaurant, pursued more of her to work in a nightclub, replaced her with a beautiful outfit, disdained Huang Bo who was leading the snack, and hurriedly urged him to leave.

Miss Wen Jing took Gao Hu's minibus when she was free, and they once went to the edge of a stream in the suburbs, and they looked happy in the sunset.

### The last part: frustration and departure

However, happiness is always short-lived, Pepper and Huang Bo broke up, Huang Bo watched her get into the rich man's car without looking back, and when he returned to the dormitory, he held the wine bottle and drank alone. Miss Wen Jing once revealed to Gao Hu in the car, because he looked like his younger brother, so he became close to him, Gao Hu was frustrated for the first time, he may have thought it was love, but suddenly drew a line, and finally the two broke off contact.

Huang Bo plans to return to his hometown and leave this sad city, and his sad back is in great contrast to the excitement when he first arrived in Beijing.
Without Huang Bo's cooperation, Gao Hu was also ready to stop the chartered car, but he was ready to stay in the city and continue to work hard.

In the last scene, Wen Jing saw Gao Hu's back in the office building, wearing blue overalls and helping people deliver water. She chased after her to say hello. Yet they missed it.

> It is not easy to survive in the big city, the sense of identity is a constant topic among the migrant workers, the exclusion of locals makes their chances of living slim, and the group of workers cannot fight for power and money. If you can find someone around you who relies on trust, you may be able to barely support it, but once trust collapses, the city will only have one more sad person. They may still persevere, or they may return to their homeland in discouragement.
