---
title: "Die Welle"
date: 2022-12-11T19:27:37+10:00
draft: false
weight: 4
featured_image: "/images/Die_Welle.jpg"
summery: "Nazis are the product of a specific period. However, this spirit can germinate and develop in many places."
---

Nazis are the product of a specific period. However, this spirit can germinate and develop in many places.

<!--more-->

The story takes place in Germany, during the week of an activity at a high school, where a social studies teacher (Reiner) gives their students a profound lesson about authoritarian rule and the Nazi spirit.

chapter01

On Monday, Reiner began by stressing the discipline of the class, not allowing free speech, having to stand up and speak by name, and choosing not to attend the class, but listening to the words that must be heard to enter the class. The students who spoke were appreciated by the teachers, and everyone gradually found "voice" and "sense of participation" in the class.
chapter02

Reiner suggested that everyone wear uniform clothing to symbolize a whole, their collective steps in class, sound penetrating the floor, and everyone in this neat and loud footsteps default to belonging to a whole and is powerful.

Of course, some people do not approve of wearing a uniform uniform, she was first excluded by the teacher, other students felt this exclusion, wanted to pull her to join in, after being rejected, felt that she did not know how to lift, did not know the general, so she was officially excluded.

This class, or group, was named "Wave" after their democratic vote

chapter03

A classmate named "Soft-footed Shrimp" was often bullied by other students, and classmates in uniform helped because they were a whole, and Soft-footed Shrimp felt the power of the collective.

The group spontaneously designed the logo and decided to expand its collective influence, distributing stickers with logos on the streets of society, and soft-footed shrimp climbed on a building and printed their logo on the wall.

chapter04

The power of the movement gradually expands, and they start by holding together to get a certain privilege, but then this privilege gradually distorts, such as you can't participate in something or enter a certain place, because you are not a member of the movement, and the size of the movement increases.

But the expansion of this power includes some ignorant people who only want to achieve short-term benefits, and even lures many teenagers.

chapter05

The movement decided to have its own gesture with which it was determined whether it identified with the movement and whether it was a member of the collective.

Softfoot Shrimp began to frantically believe in this collective spirit, and he thought he had gained strength and attention. He equipped himself with a gun and used it as his weapon, and with a weapon he could fear no one. He even began to worship Reiner, following him into his home and obeying his words.

chapter06

Reiner gradually became unrecognized by those around him, but he realized that things were going towards a trend that he could not change, and he gathered everyone together, ready to show everyone that this wave was just a product of a week of events and could not be perpetuated.

However, Softfoot Shrimp did not think so, his faith collapsed, he shot his classmates, and then committed suicide.

Reiner was taken away by the police. Everything seemed to have returned to the beginning, but it became a shadow in the hearts of that collective person.

> The so-called Nazi spirit did not arise all at once, first of all it was a collective act, a group of elements who fought with violence as a weapon in an atmosphere of incitement. Among them are guardians of this spirit, who feel the power in this collective and can even enjoy the worship of others. There are also profiteers of this spirit among them, who can obtain what was previously unavailable as individuals or as previous classes; They are also forced, perhaps because joining the collective can give them immediate benefits;
