---
title: "Gone with the Wind"
date: 2022-12-01T19:27:37+10:00
draft: false
weight: 4
featured_image: "/images/Gone with the Wind1.jpg"
summery: "The heroine Scarlet is indifferent to human feelings, but she is also calm and clearly knows what she wants and how to get what she wants."
---

The heroine Scarlet is indifferent to human feelings, but she is also calm and clearly knows what she wants and how to get what she wants.

<!--more-->

> A thousand people look at Hamlet, there are a thousand Hamlets. Different people only ingest a part of their ideals when they look at their works.

The reason for this conclusion is that after watching the peerless beauty, I read the short comment of Douban, and some people commented that the heroine of the movie is a selfish and indifferent woman, only caring about her own interests, and does not care about the emotions and efforts of others. And this is different from my biggest feeling after watching the movie.

The heroine Scarlet, although she comes from an extraordinary background, disdains the stereotypes and rules imposed on people at that time, such as women should have the appearance of women, stuff themselves in wrapped skirts to be admired and protected, and pray sincerely without mastering and facing reality.

She has means, she dresses herself up as an amorous look, trying to attract the attention of the opposite sex with her beautiful appearance, and laughs at their pursuit of her, but she is also naïve and stubborn, bent on pursuing Ashley, who has long been engaged to others, and marries someone she does not love in order to "angry" Ashley. She is conflicted and strong, taking on the responsibility of caring for Ashley's wife and children, Melanie, for the sake of a promise from Ashley.

In the Civil War in the United States, all the men in the family enlisted in the army, and Scarlet's first husband died in the war. But she did not show the slightest sadness, but complained about the lack of boredom on her body. Admired her for being different and businessman-minded and self-interested, Rhett invited her to dance with her, and they danced on the dance floor despite everyone's attention. The war then spread to Atlanta, when Melanie was waiting to give birth at home, and the doctor had no time to care for a woman waiting to give birth because of the heavy casualties of the soldiers, and she had to deliver her herself. Afterwards, she stubbornly returns to her hometown of Tara with her friendship with Rhett, although her home has been looted by war. In this barren land, she vowed not to let her family go hungry and no longer suffer from food and money. As a hostess, farming and weaving cotton started from scratch to support the family.

At the end of the war, although the Tara homeland has begun to grow, but it needs to pay high taxes, she transforms the only curtains in the house into a noble dress, dressed up as a noble lady to find Rhett, but unexpectedly through a pair of rough hands, he recognizes her current situation and refuses to fund. For this reason, Scarlet once again sells his body and marries the director of the lumber mill who is not in love. The timber chief was lucrative under her business, albeit in sweatshops that illegally used prisoners of war as cheap labor. In the current environment, women running business and driving carriages are talked about by outsiders.

Once she drove a carriage through a black refugee area, but unexpectedly she was almost forcibly occupied by blacks. The men in the family, who learned of this, planned a violent retaliation. But it was revealed that Scarlet's second husband died in the armed conflict. Scarlet is not saddened in the slightest, although she is sad and drinking, but she may just lament her fate, rather than show emotion for the sacrifice of others.

After that, Rhett came to the door to show his true heart to the widowed Scarlet, which was Scarlet's third marriage. At this time, they are not short of money, and they have a cute girl. Rhett was obsessed with children and taught her horsemanship despite stereotypes about women at the time. After getting married, Scarlet misses Ashley, which alienates Rhett from her. It takes a long time for Rhett to come home, and Scarlet gradually discovers that he loves Rhett, and once they have an argument on the stairs, he pushes her down the stairs, and their second child is gone. Just as they were trying to get back together afterwards, their child was tragically killed while riding a horse, and they blamed each other and parted ways.

In the final scene of the movie, Scarlet keeps Rhyett and reveals that he loves him, and at this time he has decided not to look back, Scarlet is heartbroken, but after calming down, he decides to return to his hometown Tara, only the land is real.

> In the film, the heroine Scarlet is indifferent to human feelings, but she is also calm, clearly knows what she wants, and how to get what she wants.
