---
title: "The Great Qin Empire"
date: 2022-02-11T19:27:37+10:00
draft: false
weight: 4
featured_image: "/images/shangyang.jpg"
summery: "Shang Yang was a native of the state of Wei, with the surname of Ji and the surname of Gongsun, also known as Wei Yang and Gongsun Yang. Later Qin Xiaogong granted him the land of Shang, so later generations called him Wei Shang Yang."
---

Shang Yang was a native of the state of Wei, with the surname of Ji and the surname of Gongsun, also known as Wei Yang and Gongsun Yang. Later Qin Xiaogong granted him the land of Shang, so later generations called him Wei Shang Yang.

<!--more-->

## 生平--担任秦国宰相之前

Later, when he came to the Wei state, he was accepted by the Wei state as a middle-ranking prince, and he was essentially the administrator of the study of the prime minister's house
Shang Martingale stayed in the prime minister's house for five years, and his uncle recognized him as a prodigy who could turn things around, and if he was reused by King Hui of Wei, he would definitely give Wei a second life. So before his death, he introduced Shang Martin to King Hui of Wei and said that "if you don't use him, you will kill him." But at that time, King Wei Hui "was so happy and accomplished, did not care about the country, and was obsessed with showing off his national strength" did not take his uncle's advice to heart.

It happened that at this time, the Qin State was in a period of thirst for talent, and the six countries of Shandong attempted to divide the weak Qin State in an alliance, and Qin Xiaogong, the ruler of the Qin State at that time, issued a "merit-seeking order", determined to change the status quo of "princes are humble and ugly".

> In the past, the Duke of Miao was idle from Qiyong, cultivated virtue and practiced martial arts, Dongping and Jin chaos, bounded by the river, Xiba Rong Zhai, Guangdi Qianli, the Son of Heaven to the uncle, the prince Bihe, for the future generations to open the business, very beautiful. The people who will go to the past are fierce, irritable, Jian Gong, the unrestful of the son, the country's internal worries, not to mention foreign affairs, the three Jin Dynasties attacked our ancestor Hexi Land, the princes were humble Qin, and the ugliness was great. Duke Xian ascended the throne, pacified the border, moved to rule Liyang, and wanted to go east, restore the ancestral land of Miao Gong, and repair Miao Gong's decree. The thoughts of the widow are often painful. The guests have those who can make surprising plans to strengthen Qin, and I honor the officials, and divide the land with them. "This is a record in the Qin Benji in the historical record

After seeing Qin Xiaogong, Shang Martin did not rush to talk about his plan for governing the country
Before Qin Xiaogong appointed Shang Martin, they had tested each other three times, and Shang Martingale was tempted because he wanted to probe Jun's heart. First of all, he decided that this was the time for the Qin State to change the law, and if the change of law encountered obstacles, or touched the interests of the feudal royal power, the willpower of the monarch to change the law was not firm, and the changer would often be involved in the power struggle and it was difficult to be left alone. That is to say, the implementation of the legal system must have the support of the monarch, and it is unswerving support, and the monarch must always be of one heart and one mind, otherwise it will be difficult to unify the laws and regulations, and it will be difficult to achieve results in changing the law

> "Say Jun": Those who count state affairs should judge the power of judgment. He who speaks of the lord of man shall judge the feelings of the king. Desire for lust will come from this. Although the judge has sage wisdom, he does not speculate carefully, and there is nothing to ask for in true feelings. This is also the basis of the plan, and the way of speaking. Wrong person, don't talk to him. This is the way of choosing the king. Be careful, be careful

> "Ghost Guzi" Chapter 7 Measure power and speculation, those who make good use of the world in ancient times will measure the power of the world and figure out the feelings of the princes. The weight is not judged, and the name of strength and weakness is not known; Speculation is not judged, and the movement of hidden changes is not known.

And Qin Xiaogong's temptation was very clear, he wanted to find talents who could really make Qin Guo rich and strong.

And the process of this trial between the two sides is also extremely interesting, Shang Martin has not met three times, and when he met in the first two meetings, he did not directly reveal his strategy for governing the country, and deliberately used the ideas of Taoism governing the country and the way of the king to test the true thoughts of the king.
that's how he explained.

> The first plan is to choose a person who sees goods like a torch, the so-called seller of goods. Test the buyer's upper rules, first show inferior goods and then produce curiosities, so that it is not bad.

For the last time, Shang Martingale opened his words and pointed out that today's following countries are vying for dominance, national strength is the foundation of rise and fall, what is national strength? First, the population is rich, second, the treasury is full, third, the laws and regulations are stable, and fourth, the armor is strong and the iron riding is excellent.

## Step Zero: Three Fundamentals

Shang Martingale advocated the legal system, and the time and place of the law were favorable. In the first step, Shang Martin advised Qin Xiaogong on the three conditions before implementing the law change: "There are a group of people around who support the law change and occupy important positions", "the true law does not shy away from the powerful", "the monarch has no doubts about the minister of law change, and is not provoked and separated"

When Qin Xiaogong announced the change of law in front of the powerful ministers, the battle of wits between Shang Martin and the old power ministers reflected the collision of old ideas and new ideas. The old guard always thinks that the old system is good and stable, and that it will be risky if it is changed. Although there are indeed risks in changing the law, it can and must be borne because only by changing the law can it be strong, and to stick to the status quo is to go backwards.

## The first step in changing the law: re-establishing the prestige of the government

"徙木立信"
He set up a log three feet long outside the south gate of the capital, and recruited the people, saying, "Whoever moves this wood to the south gate will give ten gold." "The people are strange about this kind of reward for raising their hands. Everyone was watching, and no one moved the tree. Shang Martingale also ordered: "Anyone who can move this wood to the north gate will be given fifty gold." At this time, a man came out to move the wood to the north gate, and Shang Martin really gave him fifty gold, laying the foundation for the implementation of the change.
